hi guys this is Christina the amputee ot
in this video I will be riding a bicycle
I haven't ridden a bicycle since my
amputation in fact I haven't written my
bicycle in about three years I think one
thing you should remember when you are
trying new activities is safety first
you'll notice that I forgot my helmet
and my knee pads and my elbow pads I
really should have those but I forgot
them so I'm not using them but you
should use them okay here we go
I'm finding that with a prosthetic on
the left it's a little bit difficult to
swing your leg from your bike over
because you have to rotate your foot and
you put ends up kind of out of whack so
for example if I start here swing over
head awkward we're leaning back into the
more awkward
so I thought about going from the other
side then the balance you know we're
really easy swing you back is really
easy too
the only problem with mounting your bike
from the opposite side as a kickstand is
on the side that's pretty easy to flip
okay well you're looking okay I'm trying
to do without looking
if you want to ride a bike your
prosthetic promptly has to be cut pretty
low and back because you bend your knee
pretty high at the top of the pedal
stroke and so if your prosthetic is cut
too high you won't be able to bend your
knee like this and it'll make riding a
bike uncomfortable so if you have that
problem you can go to your prostitutes
and ask them to adjust your prosthetic
so that you are able to ride a bike
you find a video I can get from my
makeshift GoPro
I'm finding that riding a bike with an
application is actually pretty easy it's
easier than I thought I was afraid that
it would be hard to keep my foot on the
pedal but actually that turns out to be
pretty darn easy it's no big deal my
foot did kind of fall off pedal a couple
of times I think if I was into
competitive bicycling I would probably
want a foot that clipped into my bike
but since I just do it as a hobby
occasionally probably will bother to do
that I can just ride it just a regular
bike no adaptations and that is how you
ride a bike if you are a left below the
knee amputee if you have any questions
you can ask them in the comments below
feel free to subscribe and have a good
day see you later bye-bye